okay the cars all packed up for my
second year of uni I'm very excited
we've got to go because we're running
late and we're hoping to avoid traffic
but let's go back to Cambridge
[Music]
so I've realized I've forgotten my first
thing already
I was so organized this year I went
through my packing list but my packing
list was missing a very essential thing
and that is my gown I've gone behind I'm
very annoyed at myself I think of the
Sun is glaring so much my parents are
going to post it to me tomorrow we're
here we're turning in oh it's exciting
oh my god I can't wait for my new room
oh I hope it's nice I don't know how big
it is right we're using my crown card I
don't know this is gonna work on the
gate but we're gonna try and that
doesn't like that didn't think it would
no I'm here to drop page yellow cool
we're in the old home chapel court Oh
are we bringing the mother all right
we're just court okay so these are
sports pictures so we're driving around
the car park of toys oh I think this
might be in we've got it unpack are we
going for his closest basis possible oh
my god I can't wait my knee room lots of
my friends are already that so they've
already unpacked that stuff and
everything they arrived a couple of days
ago yeah oh my mother's here
she was hello I think a fool you just
done the shopping ok just update my dad
drove me but my mom was in working in
London today so she kept got a train
from London just gonna help us unpack
and say goodbye and then they go drive
home shortly say hello
oMG are you surprised upload this is all
we do love my door does everyone else
have bad produce or is it just me oh I
love it
oh yes oh this is a turn isn't it
look at the massive noticeboard for
starters do you think it's through than
my old one isn't that thing is look I've
got a little corridor coming around Oh
what oh I love it and not full-length
love me but it's nice that my old mother
had got everyone carry myself up the
stairs
oh I can see some more coming okay so
I'm just about to go in the tea I don't
even know which door is okay so this is
the mess we have to deal with okay I'd
like everyone to have a cookie
what are these cookies you asked why has
Page been baking what's the special
occasion let's jump back in time to the
day before okay so it's Monday the 24th
of September and I'm just about to hit
50,000 subscribers on YouTube which is
absolutely crazy I've got my subscribe
to my laptop oh my god what's going on
what a guy oh oh
60,000 people I can't quite comprehend
it thank you so much thank you thank you
everyone who subscribed I really
appreciate it and this time last year
like when I've just started my channel
who would have thought a year later
everything here with 50,000 subscribers
and that wasn't even that wasn't even
the purpose I literally I made the
channel just to memory make memories of
my time at uni and like I just did not
really think about the amount of people
who would end up watching I just look my
day to day life you know and I'm just a
normal person and I love the vlogging
and I've actually found a real passion
for editing videos this year and the
filming of the videos is also so much
fun and oh my god just makes me so happy
that other people are enjoying watching
them and oh my god I can't wait for a
second year of loggs
bring on my second year of logging I
can't wait
so today
to celebrate hitting 50,000 subscribers
the best way I know how and that is by
baking chocolate chip biscuits we've
opted for a married berry recipe
[Music]
so the plan is this is going to be a
massive batch of chocolate-chip biscuits
like massive I'm doing a batch of dark
chocolate in a batch white chocolate and
let the timing of hitting 50,000 is so
good because I'm going back to uni
tomorrow so I can celebrate with all my
friends I'm going to feed them chocolate
chip biscuits they look golden don't
they do they look golden well maybe they
don't look golden maybe they don't
[Music]
the finished cookies and since then they
have all been eaten yay thank you
everyone for subscribing and now back to
page at Cambridge okay so we've been
making progress like the room still
looks a bit of a mess oh my god I'm so
bored now I've got really excited at the
thought of unpacking stuff with those
like a new room new me fresh start I'm
going to decorate it all but it's gonna
be so cool and now just like can I be
unpacked yet I'm just going with my
parents to Sainsbury's because they're
gonna buy me some food and why does just
found CCTV Jesus College we know you've
got cameras we know you're looking at us
what is that camera we think it's a
camera we think they're watching us
maybe it's for our safety more than more
than us we won't do anything wrong
anyway it's good to Sainsbury's on the
way out of college I stopped off to sign
in at pelage to show that I was there
for the new term we're just getting the
important stuff this stuff for my
laundry we've got my laundry powder it's
the new fabric conditioner I have the
this one do you not have this one yeah a
separate conditioner here's the one
we're very upset because this seems
raises itself Pringles what is that I
was insulting vinegar Pringles I have
the sugar though we have the sugar from
a coffee but some vinegar Pringles I'm
not
and now there's no maple syrup it's no
Pringles
there's no maple syrup well what is this
supermarket we're gonna have to go for
golden but I'm not happy about it we've
spotted the Pringles by the door we
spotted the Pringles yeah so I'm just
saying goodbye to my parents they're
leaving me and I'm gonna go downstairs
and catch up with my friends I think
nothing to say more any farewell
messages have a good Christmas goodbye
father
I will miss you okay you won't miss me
YouTube that's true you can watch my
blogs and it'll be like I'm with you
yeah okay well well bye guys here we are
all playing a game of werewolf I would
highly recommend it I learned this week
it's really fun I had the werewolf card
this round and I had to do my best to
keep it a secret I know her secrets she
say my secrets my werewolf secret
we're now saying you know which I'm
quite good at I mean
werewolf wasn't my game none of these
some of my game cards oh we make one us
there's one that says everyone you're
either hands to the left okay
so we are on the way to the club whoa
first night back at uni was supposed to
have growing out in tomorrow morning so
wasn't her to come out
but then the rowing outing has been
canceled so we're just about to head in
to a club in Cambridge that has been
redone it is all very exciting as you
might be able to see behind me we've got
a science
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
good morning so it's the next morning
now and oh my god last night was so much
fun I'm really gonna head my rowing
outing got cancelled because it meant I
could girl of my friends and we had a
great time I've got quite a few bits and
pieces I want to get done today in this
week all the freshers haven't arrived
yet and it's just a time before term
start so I want to get myself organized
so I want to go get my bike service I
want to pop to the shops to get some
bits from Superdrug I want to tidy my
room I want to sort out my pin board
there's lots of like little bits and
pieces get a gym induction I will not
get to start today I want to be
productive today because I got stuff to
get done and I think we're gonna start
with the gym this morning or I've said
that I will go with Astrid and Ella to
the gym because it's my first time using
the Cheetahs closed gym so it might be
nice to go with people
Haeju l'p is going to the gym you heard
me I'm off to the gym with my water
bottle that says you can't even see it
but it says go to the gym and never give
in okay so the weights gym is in there
and the cardio gym I think is over there
and I've just been in there but I've
just been doing floor work I'd like to
say I made this but actually ever did I
achieve disaster okay it's cool I've
still got a bed everyone hey so I can't
remember the last time I updated you but
basically I have been trying to tidy my
room and unpack everything but it's
still a bit of a mess so I'm just doing
that final push because I just want it
done today and I take my bike in for a
service don't have I mentioned and of
course when I finished unpacking
everything I will
a room tour probably tomorrow at this
point I reckon but yeah today's been a
good day been getting lots of stuff done
who do you want to thank and welcome to
Ed's balcony it's quite a fun parties
happen as you can see we're waving at
Jacob across the cooler yeah can you
shine a light on yourself you can't see
you Jacob
we're locked out oh well we've been
locked out that's it we're here for the
night
what sleep on the balcony is Phi easily
entertained good morning this morning
I'm gonna film a room tour
[Music]
okay so I've just filmed my room tour
and I'm uploading the footage onto my
laptop as we speak and I think I might
get about edited at this afternoon just
because time is gonna get so hectic and
I don't know how much time I'm gonna
have for editing after that but I think
I'm gonna have none shortly because I
didn't have breakfast and it's almost
midday and I'm very hungry and calf
Jesus calf the cafeteria opens at 12:15
so I'm hoping other people might want to
go and get food hello in the blog yeah
certainly one checkout will shoes hey
I'm comfortable I'm comfortable don't be
getting trees and cutlery it's my first
time back in cap good to be back
Astrid had ordered a new keyboard so
here is the team picking it up from the
music shop and here the keyboard is
being carried back to the college
actually did you hear that guys it looks
like a coffin others on voice rest very
sadly so it's communicating via her
phone sharing them on and I have been
reunited with my bike it's been fully
serviced so I just picked my bike up
bike shop and it you know it feels good
they gave me a ring this morning and
they were like the back brake pad is
like completely broken so it's gonna
have to be all like worn or whatever and
it wasn't safe to ride so was it okay
for them to replace that and I was like
yeah go for it got want to see this bike
is such it's getting on a bit it's like
an X higher bike it's had it stayed but
at least I know it's not going to get
stolen but I swear like I just paid
about half the amount I paid for
originally on that service and repairs
so I probably might as well have got a
new one but it's fine I've grown quite
attached to this bike to be honest it's
good to be well for another year I hope
[Music]
a doorstop our doors last right we can
put them on the rack so they didn't like
fully sharp but this year they don't
have that it was just a fully shot and
nothing can stop it from closing at the
moment so I'm hoping for that to come
work and I'm gonna pop this I need cover
on I'm rather excited look it's just for
us I don't even know how to fit
like weights it's a wait 50 instructions
this is this thing the drawstrings wrap
around it it seems okay let's give it a
try
we've had success so this evening in our
chip this okay okay keep going on
welcome to chaos cooking in basically
promises we don't cook we don't know
what we're doing yeah well the next
update when they've made the food I've
just woken up this morning's I've got a
roaming outing and I'd forgotten how
much I hated this oh okay so I'm just
about to leave and I've got myself up oh
my god I'm so tired you have no idea I
went to bed early last night yeah what
can you do I'm gonna head to the
boathouse I'm also cycling for the first
time and I'm really worried because what
if my bite hasn't been fixed properly
you know and so I'm nervous to do that
by thanos need to get back what I've got
my lights being saved because the Sun
has not yet risen why am I going out at
this time
okay so I've just got back from my
rowing outing and I'm feeling pleased I
can still cook and I can still cycle I
found out I haven't cycled all summer
have not been out cooking on the river
or summer I thought I'd forgotten how to
do both but managed to cycle to the
boathouse and Cox of rowing outing so
pat on the back to me cuz don't goal I
was a bit nervous and I feel like it's
like
Ripple's were plasterer ever because
like you know is getting into the first
one I was nervous but now like I'm ready
for another one and I said I doing out
here on Sunday morning because I thought
why not it's not going to be at the
crack of dawn it'll be like mid-morning
and they needed someone to cooks it so I
was like hello
and I feel like I'm learning like my
coupling ability is improving and it was
good to get back into the swing of it
actually although it was freezing cold
like it's deceptively cold under cut
side you think Oh brilliant sunshine no
I've just towards the end of the hour -
I was getting very very chilly anyway I
think I'm gonna get changed put some
makeup on might go down I'll have some
breakfast Ashley breakfast this bust of
the agenda I'm in the gym I've got my
breakfast having some shreddies I
haven't seen anyone else this morning
yeah still fairly early I'll give you a
tour of the after this actually the
is what we call the kitchen the
kitchen is okay so here it's at all of
the so you walk in the door here and
then this way we have with the kitchen
area so we've got a microwave this is
like the communal sauces and whatnot we
have a couple of hops we have a toaster
a kettle and here are the cereals and
over here let me sink over here and
washing up and then up here you'll have
cupboards so this one is my cupboard
I'll check it out
filled with stuff and that's it for on
the fridges we've got three fridges and
there's nine of us sharing for this
kitchen and when we come down here we
have a lovely table area nice window
that's might in the mug area over here
and let me show you a few mugs up there
we've got board games and whatnot up
here and biscuits
- help yourself - and look lots of bins
but recycling over there and oh yeah and
another fridge down here and I think you
might have seen me when after this
already but this lovely pinboard or
photos of us all okay so I think I
actually I'm gonna go up to my room now
and look through some lecture notes
hello so I've just had lunch and I'm
sitting at my desk I'm just finishing
off going through my field lecture notes
finally reaching the end of them because
they have gone on there is way too many
of them I do need to go out this
afternoon because I've just realised my
bike had a bracket thing on it for my
bike lights and it's disappeared and I'm
sure it was on though and I took it into
the bike shop for a service I think they
might have taken it off to be fair the
bracket was broken but it still worked
so I might have just taken it off
because I thought it was broken part I'm
not sure and then I need to go to
Sainsbury's to get some milk because my
milk has leaked in the fridge before I
even got the chance to use it things
aren't going well further
yeah we're getting through the work I
finished going through my lecture notes
boom so happy I'm gonna go to the shops
now
okay so I've just got back from the
shops went to the bike shop and I was
like my bike light bracket is no longer
there
and it was yesterday they denied all
knowledge they were like oh there's no
spare brackets around here or we
wouldn't have taken it off and I'm like
well Eva it's been stolen overnight and
who would steal a bike light bracket who
anyway I had to fork out for a new bike
light oh well I suppose I use my bike
everyday on my lights I use on a regular
basis so I suppose it's worth it okay so
we are playing a very fun game it is you
put a toast on the floor somewhere in
this chip and then everyone shots the
rice and the first person to find the
piece of toast wins I'm going to hide
the toast and then I'll get them to come
into my mind Oh
what was it fun I mean I want you to
hear it so okay I'm gonna put a piece of
toast okay yeah okay you can all come in
it's a brace from now so you better get
going so it is now very late in the
evening or should I say early morning it
is almost all one o'clock and I've spent
many many hours playing games of
werewolf with my friends this evening
and it's been good we could do the
staircase we had a fab time now it's
time for bed like I look she did not
realize that this was the time I thought
it was like 10 o'clock and it's 1
o'clock in the morning but it's fine
because I can have a lion tomorrow and
then I'm going to be meeting my close
children tomorrow which I like freshers
that are assigned to second years for us
to like introduce to the college etc but
I'll explain more later but basically
freshers week starts tomorrow
it just all kicks off really and when I
say freshers week it's actually more
like freshers five days or something
because lectures end up starting on
Thursday but anyway oh definitely even
lobbying freshers week next week so be
sure to check back for a video on that
and get the video I like and subscribe
if you enjoyed watching me move back
into uni it's really good to be back and
I'll see you soon with another video bye
[Music]
you